Make app specific password requirements more clear (#797)
fastlane/docs: docs/best-practices/continuous-integration.md

##### Application specific passwords

If you want to upload builds to App Store Connect (actions `upload_to_app_store` and `deliver`) or TestFlight (actions `upload_to_testflight`, `pilot` or `testflight`) from your CI machine, you need to generate an _application specific password_:

1. Visit [appleid.apple.com/account/manage](https://appleid.apple.com/account/manage)
1. Generate a new application specific password
1. Provide the application specific password using the environment variable `FASTLANE_APPLE_APPLICATION_SPECIFIC_PASSWORD`

This will supply the application specific password to iTMSTransporter, the tool used by those actions to perform the upload.

> It should be noted that the application specific password will only work for uploading the binary; it won't work for setting release notes or distributing to testers, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The application specific password will _not_ work if your action usage does anything else than uploading the binary, e.g. updating any metadata like setting release notes or distributing to testers, etc.
```
